Moved proto to be only proto files and sources to utils (#39)
RoboTeamTwente/roboteam_proto: CMakeLists.txt

        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/GeometryFieldSize.proto

        #demo
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/DemoRobot.proto

        #grsim
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/grSim_Commands.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/grSim_Packet.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/grSim_Replacement.proto

        #mimir
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/mimir_robotcommand.proto

        # ssl input packets
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_detection.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_game_controller_common.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_game_event.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_geometry.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_geometry_legacy.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_referee.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_wrapper.proto
        ${PROTO_BASE_PATH}/messages_robocup_ssl_wrapper_legacy.proto
        )

add_library(roboteam_proto STATIC
        ${PROTO_SRCS}
        ${PROTO_HDRS}
        )

target_link_libraries(roboteam_proto
        PUBLIC ${PROTOBUF_LIBRARIES}
        )

target_include_directories(roboteam_proto
        # Proto headers
        PUBLIC ${PROTOBUF_INCLUDE_DIRS}

>         # This points to cmake-build-debug/utils/include/utils/networking

Reviewer: This comment is outdated.

>         # This points to cmake-build-debug/utils/include/utils/networking

Author: ```suggestion
        # This points to cmake-build-debug/proto/include/proto
```
